what's up guys look who's home intro
yourself what's up I am Dan penny
creator and founder of epic arts of
course column design event for people he
designs he does all the things and you
vlog you just got done vlogging tell me
tell me one thing that was like great I
know it can be stressful I learned that
I can't do video I always thought I
couldn't write so it scared me away
but I just trying you can actually do it
so that's one thing I learned that was
pretty awesome
yeah and it's fine because he shares
like his perspective I was a designer
and a graphic designer
and he's based in San Francisco so it's
cool and you you've shown Carl
corty yeah we're good okay which one
go go down like this right here do that
right there it's a pretty good man that
means it's good right Oh No be careful
is that despite you think how do you
you think that looks good guys look how
tiny that is just compared to looks
pretty awesome
so nine is the thing but surfers surf
below the golden
if you go to the boosted board website
dan is the boosted board model I'm gonna
make them do the animation on the
website you gotta show off the booster
board yes and then a little spin and
that is that's how you get on the
boosted board website boost 4.com
love it love it okay so I'm giving him
the 360 camera yep and she yes he's
going to boost it across that stretch
and he's off you see him yet guys where
is he
oh yeah there is
you use a gun
yes so today's vlog was very visually
heavy but it was so fun San Francisco is
so beautiful we got some awesome pics
hung out with dan dan is a cool dude got
hit on by an old surfer guy that was fun
but yeah amazing day see you guys the
next one stay pgi2 I have the privilege
of partnering with Samsung for this
VidCon thing they're putting on which
there are new 360 cameras and their VR
headsets and all dot jobs the only
reason why I'm involved is because of
the wonderful Casey